[ZT] add egress ip page (#4570)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/egress-policies.md

---
pcx-content-type: configuration
title: Dedicated egress IPs
layout: single
weight: 12
---

# Dedicated egress IPs

<details>
<summary>Feature availability</summary>
<div>

Dedicated egress IPs are only available on Enterprise plans.

</div>
</details>

> When Gateway secures outbound traffic, by default that traffic is assigned a public (source) IP that is shared across all Cloudflare WARP users. Enterprise customers can purchase dedicated egress IPs for their account and configure how traffic is egressed. These unique, static source IPs allow you to authenticate your organization with third-party services that rely on IP-based allowlists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default egress traffic is assigned an IP that is shared across all Cloudflare WARP users. Enterprise customers can purchase dedicated egress IPs for their account and configure how traffic is egressed. These unique, static source IPs are, as the name implies, dedicated only to the customer account and can be used within allowlists on upstream services. 
```

---
pcx-content-type: concept
title: Dedicated egress IPs
layout: single
weight: 12
---

# Dedicated egress IPs

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Dedicated egress IPs are only available on Enterprise plans.
{{</Aside>}}

When your users connect to the Internet through Cloudflare Gateway, by default their traffic is assigned a source IP address that is shared across all Cloudflare WARP users. Enterprise customers can purchase dedicated egress IPs to ensure that egress traffic from your organization is assigned a unique, static IP. These source IPs are dedicated to your account and can be used within allowlists on upstream services.

All traffic proxied by Gateway will route via these dedicated egress IPs.

## IP geolocation

Each dedicated egress IP is associated with a Cloudflare data center, and your egress traffic will share the same IP geolocation as the data center. When you purchase a dedicated egress IP, you can request a specific city to egress from. If you have multiple egress IPs, your end users will be automatically routed to the closest one.

> Note that it can take anywhere from 1 week to up to 4 weeks for websites to recognize the updated IP geolocation. For example, if your users are in India, they would see a U.S. Google page instead of the typical Indian Google landing page until Google picks up the updated IP geolocation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can take anywhere from one week to up to four weeks for websites to recognize the updated IP geolocation. For example, if your users are in India, they would get a U.S. Google landing page instead of the Indian Google landing page until Google picks up the updated IP geolocation.
```
I'm not 100% sure but I think we spell out numbers < 10? feel free to disregard if inaccurate
